Jello-boxes-fall by CosmicEmbers
https://freesound.org/people/CosmicEmbers/sounds/161418/

Dropping Wood on a Pile by InspectorJ
https://freesound.org/people/InspectorJ/sounds/352174/

Wooden Fence Sounds by InspectorJ
https://freesound.org/people/InspectorJ/sounds/352183/

Rubber Metal Wood Impact Collision Bang by qubodup
https://freesound.org/people/qubodup/sounds/54850/

Squish Impact by Bertsz
https://freesound.org/people/Bertsz/sounds/500912/

Tomato squish;wet by HonorHunter
https://freesound.org/people/HonorHunter/sounds/271666/

splat by gprosser
https://freesound.org/people/gprosser/sounds/360942/

Bone Crunch by Clearwavsound
https://freesound.org/people/Clearwavsound/sounds/524609/

Heavy Door Closed by Moulaythami
https://freesound.org/people/Moulaythami/sounds/532855/

leaves_impact by PorkMuncher
https://freesound.org/people/PorkMuncher/sounds/263676/

Stick Snap 1 by worthahep88
https://freesound.org/people/worthahep88/sounds/319231/

snakeecho2 by novino
https://freesound.org/people/novino/sounds/45581/

impact-stone kasparsj
https://freesound.org/people/kasparsj/sounds/513693/

Gravel Impact 3 by jorickhoofd
https://freesound.org/people/jorickhoofd/sounds/169549/

Whoosh by qubodup
https://freesound.org/people/qubodup/sounds/60013/

Wet Splat by JustInvoke
https://freesound.org/people/JustInvoke/sounds/446115/

Lighting a Fire by PlasterBrain
https://freesound.org/people/plasterbrain/sounds/534702/

Plucking an Elastic Band by dsebeste
https://freesound.org/people/dsebeste/sounds/355041/

Crossbow Shot by LeMudCrab
https://freesound.org/people/LeMudCrab/sounds/163453/

Boom Jazz Kick by shpira
https://freesound.org/people/shpira/sounds/323600/

click by OtisJames
https://freesound.org/people/OtisJames/sounds/215772/

Bomb - Small by Zangrutz
https://freesound.org/people/Zangrutz/sounds/155235/

hammering 2 by cognito perceptu
https://freesound.org/people/cognito%20perceptu/sounds/17012/

Cracking Earthquake (cracking soil, cracking stone) by uagadugu
https://freesound.org/people/uagadugu/sounds/222521/

RockFall1b by AlanCat
https://freesound.org/people/AlanCat/sounds/381645/

stone_on_stone by thanvannispen
https://freesound.org/people/thanvannispen/sounds/30012/

pipe9 by schademans
https://freesound.org/people/schademans/sounds/13290/

Anvil by MrAuralization
https://freesound.org/people/MrAuralization/sounds/274846/

Metal hit with metal bar resonance by jorickhoofd
https://freesound.org/people/jorickhoofd/sounds/160045/

smash on head with fire extinguisher by FreqMan
https://freesound.org/people/FreqMan/sounds/19901/

metal bar movement in container by jorickhoofd
https://freesound.org/people/jorickhoofd/sounds/160072/

Laser Shot Silenced by bubaproducer
https://freesound.org/people/bubaproducer/sounds/151022/

possiblelaser by aust_paul
https://freesound.org/people/aust_paul/sounds/30935/

JacobsLadderSingle2 by Halleck
https://freesound.org/people/Halleck/sounds/19487/

double squeak 2 by sforsman
https://freesound.org/people/sforsman/sounds/273934/

Huge Explosion by unfa
https://freesound.org/people/unfa/sounds/259300/

ONORO_Julian_2014_2015_vortex.wav by univ_lyon3
https://freesound.org/people/univ_lyon3/sounds/250589/

Flamethrower by pugaeme
https://freesound.org/people/pugaeme/sounds/396890/

sfx_thunder blast.wav by bajko
https://freesound.org/people/bajko/sounds/399656/

Thunder_close.wav by hantorio
https://freesound.org/people/hantorio/sounds/121945/

Lightning Strike by Turrus
https://freesound.org/people/Turrus/sounds/242048/

Mr Dog_01.wav by apolloaiello
https://freesound.org/people/apolloaiello/sounds/276267/

Magic Smite.wav by spookymodem
https://freesound.org/people/spookymodem/sounds/249819/

Poof (3, varying degrees of intensity) by mendihola
https://freesound.org/people/mendihola/sounds/440269/

0005_Crystal Lamp with Swing Front.wav by Andreas.Mustola
https://freesound.org/people/Andreas.Mustola/sounds/84526/

crystal_glass.wav by reinsamba
https://freesound.org/people/reinsamba/sounds/35631/

Clinking Glasses by redafs
https://freesound.org/people/redafs/sounds/379506/

Glass Break by unfa
https://freesound.org/people/unfa/sounds/221528/

001.wav by gevaroy
https://freesound.org/people/gevaroy/sounds/173560/

Magic spell (small positive) by Nakhas
https://freesound.org/people/Nakhas/sounds/506939/

Dinosaur 5.wav by JarredGibb
https://freesound.org/people/JarredGibb/sounds/233284/

024.wav by gevaroy
https://freesound.org/people/gevaroy/sounds/173600/

12 - spit.WAV by 16F_Panska_Belakova_Marketa
https://freesound.org/people/16F_Panska_Belakova_Marketa/sounds/499274/

Magic by RICHERlandTV
https://freesound.org/people/RICHERlandTV/sounds/216089/